Coritiba won the athletic miner in Curitiba and now in Belo Horizonte in the
I will play for the draw to fulfill the great dream of playing the
final of the brazilian championship
on Friday
and now a show on the affordable Friday
fires for habitation
The gaucho judge is preparing there
rosa martinez
gives a check
all done
if you live
athletic and coritiba aquino
lifting took
the sum of the lion at the end of the father of the beautiful city between two atoms arriving at
head of araujo
aida inaldo played with seven araujo went deep and taubaté bachar al-assad
the aena organ becomes meaningful
ronaldo went to the ground kaká entered the area and naldo
jairo made the save and leaves playing
Sintrovig I have doubt
nor a round bottle of the bleachers
hit the head of the coritiba player is the fan who wants to hit
general saw and reach the fairy
this is the third time that the athletic one faces the curitibano not enough the
Brazil
the daughter sonja fit the 30 minutes spiked in addition to his
lighting
until the onion
already released everyone has complained a lot of television broadcasters
and now it fell
the energy
It's stopped the game stated
couto pereira '
a small dielectric heir the reflectors that I faced the cabin of the
globe
thanks for the floor
the group b in the paper she sees edital
head down
but it's little
benigni according
when it was all walks balls or friend
an increase that determined that a simple aid but
the difficulty of managing dengue cases
she left the style of the second half weak
group b
the launch collaborate with the deployment of a team with the exit
hit
the fall of Coritiba
curious because it will grow after they turn off the light
the athletic loss at the end of the first half and now started a lot
in the second half
look only beach
for curitiba
yesterday only for the athlete picked up the ball came to get up got arrived
late paulo
in the biennium of leaving the commission better than the order for you
the vocational course
this is the dream of any player and with me has no game rule the half
I'm going to work because it's work that
coritiba got this
the Brazilian player understood that he had better leave now
is the reason for all this
he the ball
everybody marks
I think it's the way
we know that this is the way
we have to keep playing like this
and who moves
once more same pace what we do
we started doing